Description
Title                               :   Logical Hunt
Team members           :   1-3 members per team
Common Rules and regulation:
Each team must contain 1-3 members.
 Participants can use any programming language.
Time constraints are strictly followed.
Number of rounds      :   3 Rounds
Detailed description    :
Round 1 : Basic Logical questions
Rules:
Each team must complete the quiz within 15 minutes.
It is necessary to attend all questions.
No negative mark for wrong answer.
Each questions carry one mark.
Task:
Participants must answer the 15 basic logic question related MCQ’s provided to them.
Winner calculation:
Points are calculated by No.of correct answer and Time of Submission.
Teams selected in round 1 will be shortlisted for round 2.
Round 2 :Debugging
Rules:
Each team must complete the debugging task within the strict  20 minutes.
It is mandatory to attend all given questions.
No negative mark for wrong answer.
Each correct debugging solution carries 5  marks.
Task:
Exactly 5 debugging questions/code snippets will be provided to every team.
Participants must identify syntax, runtime, or logical errors in the given code and write the corrected code or output.
  
Winner calculation:
Points are calculated by No.of correct answer and Time of Submission.
Teams selected in round 2 will be shortlisted for round 3.
Round 3 : Code logic challenge
Rules:
Code based challenge.
Complete the given questions within the given time constraints.
Code can be developed in any programming language.
Judges decision is final.
Task:
2 coding challenge is provided to every team.
Participants should write the code satisfying the constraints mentioned in the question.
Code can be written in any programming language.
Winner Calculation:
Scoring: Winners will be determined based on a combination of two factors:
Secured Points: Points awarded for correctness.
Time: The speed at which the teams complete each task. Teams that finish earlier (with correct solutions) will score higher.
Final Score: The total points from Three rounds, combined with the time factor, will determine the winners.